Adding a bean inside of our applicationContext is very similar to
adding it to the AppConfig that we had before.
We want to do an open angle bracket and use the bean alias.
And inside of here,
it gives us a bunch of different properties that we can use for this.
I'm going to start by choosing name as the first one,
and the name that we want to do for this is the speakerRepository.
The next thing that we want to do is add the class.
And the class that we're going to do for this is com.pluralsight.
And we want to specifically choose our repository.
And we want this to be an instance of the HibernateSpeakerRepositoryImpl.
Now in our code, we are going to reference this using the interface,
but we'll create the bean with the implementation.
I'll show you more what I mean by that here in a second.
But this is actually all we needed to do to create our bean definition.
Now we're not injecting anything in this,
in fact, that's why I started with this bean is because if you remember,
our SpeakerRepositoryImpl has no other dependencies in it.
I'm going to open that up so you can take a look at it.
It was just a very simple hard-coded one method list of speakers that
gets returned from what would be a mock database,
so there's nothing being injected in this yet.
We're going to go through and look at setter injection a little bit
and actually reference our Java configuration that we did to show
you the two and come back and wire this up to be setter injected
for the SpeakerService with this bean that we just created in the SpeakerRepository.